#How to contribute to this project

Welcome! Thanks for your interest in this Curriculum Design Workshop and format! We're really excited that you're here. Anyone can contribute to this project, and we hope you will pitch in!

**Ground Rules for Collaboration**

During the first run of this workshop, we asked participants to come up with ground rules for working together. While it's a bit different when collaborating on-line, these guidelines are a great starting point for building positive working realtionships:

* be an active listener, pay careful and respectful attention to ideas and comments from other members of the community
* say what you mean-- it's OK to be critical or "hard" on ideas, but be sure to be gentle and respectful or "soft" on people
* if you usually comment or talk, listen more, and give space for others to have a voice. 
* if you are usually quiet or wait for others to take the lead, try commmenting or chiming in a bit more. 

**We'd love to have your help in:**

1. generating materials using this framework, and adding them to our collection ([for more info, see this issue](https://github.com/mozillascience/curriculum-design-workshop/issues/2))
2. improving the framework, or providing information about how you used it, with what audiences, and how that went ([for more info, see this issue](https://github.com/mozillascience/curriculum-design-workshop/issues/3))
3. Suggesting words for Wild Cards. ([for more info, see this issue](https://github.com/mozillascience/curriculum-design-workshop/issues/6))
4. testing and improving materials the generated by the framwork ([for more info, see the relevant issues in the issue tracker](https://github.com/mozillascience/curriculum-design-workshop/issues)).

**You can contribute by:** 
* commenting on an issue, and introducing yourself to Julia and Zannah, the repository administrators
* letting us know how you plan to contribute. We'll reply with any extra info about the task, and we'll also answer any questions you may have, so just ask them right in that issue! 

You can also ask a question or share an idea or thought by creating a new issue. 
